"Nick Miller: turning lemonade into lemons since 1981." - Nick
"Do I regret it? Yes. Would I do it again? Probably." - Nick
"I have decided to give up on women and put all of that energy into tomatoes." - Nick
"A bank is just a paper bag but with fancier walls." - Nick
"I am not a successful adult. I don’t eat vegetables and/or take care of myself." - Nick
"I don’t know what ‘mazel tov’ means, but it doesn’t sound good." - Nick
"Look, we’re not trying to be mean. We just don’t want you to be yourself… in any way." - Nick
"I need to eat my way out of a sandwich house." - Nick
"I once saw a zebra named Gavin give birth at the zoo and I cried hysterically." - Nick
"I don’t trust fish. They breathe water… that’s crazy." - Nick
"Life sucks! And then it gets better, and then it sucks again." - Nick
"I don’t believe dinosaurs existed. I’ve seen the science. I don’t believe it." - Nick
"I once had a bass teacher when I was younger who did the standing bass. He had a very weird smell, and I still think about it." - Nick
"I like chipmunks more than squirrels." - Nick
"This place is fancy and I don’t know which fork to kill myself with." - Nick
"I'd give you a hug, but my shirt smells pretty weird today." - Nick
"Trust me, I'm wearing frozen underpants right now and I feel amazing." - Nick
"If I can't have a kid with a woman, then maybe I'll have one with my cousin." - Nick
"I once tried on my girl cousin’s wool tights and I didn’t hate how it felt." - Nick
"Sponges make me feel exhilarated." - Nick
"Just be yourself, and if he’s not into Jessica Day, there’s something wrong with him." - Nick
"Just drive the car. I gotta tell my girlfriend that I don't love her so she doesn't leave me." - Nick
"I'm pretty sure I'm having a heart attack, and I haven't arranged for anyone to clear my browser history. I wasn't building a bomb, I was just curious." - Nick
"The eyeball fell off, that's how you know it's good!" - Nick
"I stole that from Nelson Mandela. I added the part about the Penguin and the Riddler." - Nick
"I know this isn't gonna end well, but the middle part is gonna be awesome." - Nick
"I hate doors!" - Nick
"I've never been an inspiration before...I don't like this much responsibility." - Nick
"I really like when a rap song uses a choir. It makes me feel really happy with all those ladies' voices coming and then the guy's rapping. I think it's awesome." - Nick
"If I had a dollar for every person I couldn't hang out with because they hate Schmidt, I'd be rich. Like fill my gas tank up all the way rich." - Nick