"Schmidt happens!" - Schmidt
"My tires were stolen by STREET YOUTHS!" - Schmidt
"The economy stinks, bees are dying, and movies are pretty much all sequels now." - Schmidt
"ALL DAY!" - Schmidt
"Judaism, son!" - Schmidt
"Bathtubs are medieval filth cauldrons." - Schmidt
"I had figure skating lessons until I was thirteen, and then my mom sobered up and realized I was a boy." - Schmidt
"It’s like you’re ripping the side block out of my mental Jenga." - Schmidt
"Can we just take a moment to celebrate me?" - Schmidt
"DAMP!" - Schmidt
"I love mango chutney." - Schmidt
"I’m not being overdramatic when I say I would rather sit naked on a hot grill than wear something off the rack." - Schmidt
"She has a flip phone, Jess. She’s either poor or a time traveller." - Schmidt
"I don’t have sperms. I have tadpoles…of the gods." - Schmidt
"If pot were a piano, Nick would be a 9-year-old Chinese girl." - Schmidt
"Well, you have found my flabbergast button, and guess what? You’ve pressed it." - Schmidt
"I can’t talk right now. I’m writing a strongly worded e-mail to my florist." - Schmidt
"Without ash to rise from, the phoenix would just be a bird getting up." - Schmidt
"Do you just walk around all day thinking about other people’s feelings? How do you get anything done?" - Schmidt
"Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to go water my succulents." - Schmidt
"You just earned a special thank you in my autobiography." - Schmidt
"The only acceptable pet for a man to have is a saltwater fish." - Schmidt
"We are gathered here today to celebrate this thing called… Schmidt." - Schmidt
"Nick is delicate. Like a flower. Like a chubby, damaged flower who hates himself." - Schmidt
"Old people freak me out. With their hands and their legs. They’re like the people version of pleated pants." - Schmidt
"Damn it! I can’t find my driving moccasins anywhere!" - Schmidt
"Are you cooking a frittata in a sauce pan? What is this – prison?" - Schmidt
"Have you seen my sharkskin laptop sleeve?" - Schmidt
"This is a horrible neighborhood. There are youths everywhere!" - Schmidt
"Befriending Kanye is the most efficient way for me to jump social strata. Now all I have to do is meet him, and then dazzle him to the point that we’re each other’s last call before bed." - Schmidt